
VALORANTREVOR BOT TERMS OF SERVICE
Last updated 15/10/2022 (10/15/2022 American)

AGREEMENT TO TERMS

These Terms of Service constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity (“you”) and VALORANTrevor (“we,” “us” or “our”), concerning your access to and use of the VALORANTrevor Discord bot as well as any other media form, media channel, or mobile application related, linked, or otherwise connected thereto (collectively, the “Bot”). 

You agree that by accessing the Bot, you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by all of these Terms of Service. If you do not agree with all of these Terms of Service, then you are expressly prohibited from using the Bot and you must discontinue use immediately.

Supplemental Terms of Service or documents that may be posted on the Bot from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Terms of Service at any time and for any reason. 

We will alert you about any changes by posting in the announcement channel in the VALORANTrevor Discord server.

The information provided by the Bot is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. 

Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Bot from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. 

The Bot is intended for users who are at least 13 years of age. All users who are minors in the jurisdiction in which they reside (generally under the age of 18) must have the permission of their parent or guardian to use the Bot. If you are a minor, you must have your parent or guardian read and agree to these Terms of Service prior to you using the Bot. 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Unless otherwise indicated, the Bot is our proprietary property and all source code, databases, functionality, software, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics presented by the Bot (collectively, the “Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the “Marks”) are owned or controlled by us or licensed to us, and are protected by copyright and trademark laws and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws of the United States, foreign jurisdictions, and international conventions. 

The Content and the Marks are provided on the Bot “AS IS” for your information and personal use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Service, no part of the Bot and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.

Provided that you are eligible to use the Bot, you are granted a limited license to access and use the Bot and to copy any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in the Bot, the Content and the Marks.

USER REPRESENTATIONS

By using the Bot, you represent and warrant that: 

[(1) all registration information you submit will be true, accurate, current, and complete; (2) you will maintain the accuracy of such information and promptly update such registration information as necessary;] 

(3) you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Terms of Service; 

[(4) you are not under the age of 13;] 

(5) not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside[, or if a minor, you have received parental permission to use the Bot]; 

(6) you will not use the Bot for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; 

(7) your use of the Bot will not violate any applicable law or regulation.

If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Bot (or any portion thereof). 

USER REGISTRATION

You will be required to register with the Bot. You agree to use Riot Sign On to confidentially verify your account and opt into data sharing. You will be responsible for all use of your account.
 
PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES

You may not access or use the Bot for any purpose other than that for which we make the Bot available. The Bot may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us. 

As a user of the Bot, you agree not to:

1.	systematically retrieve data or other content from the Bot to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from us.
2.	use the Bot to advertise or offer to sell goods and services.
3.	circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Bot, including features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on the use of the Bot and/or the Content contained therein.
4.	engage in unauthorized framing of or linking to the Bot.
5.	trick, defraud, or mislead us and other users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information such as user passwords.
6.	interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Bot or the networks or services connected to the Bot.
7.	attempt to impersonate another user or person or use the username of another user.
8.	use any information obtained from the Bot in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person.
9.	use the Bot as part of any effort to compete with us or otherwise use the Bot and/or the Content for any revenue-generating endeavor or commercial enterprise.
10.	decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Bot.
11.	attempt to bypass any measures of the Bot designed to prevent or restrict access to the Bot, or any portion of the Bot.
12.	harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten any of our employees or agents engaged in providing any portion of the Bot to you.
13.	delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any Content.
14.	copy or adapt the Bot’s software.
15.	disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or the Bot.
16.	use the Bot in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations.

USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS

The Bot may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in VALORANT matches, and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or on the Bot, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "Contributions"). 

Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Bot. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:

1.	the creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.
2.	you are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the Bot, and other users of the Bot to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Bot and these Terms of Service.
3.	you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Bot and these Terms of Service.
4.	your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.
5.	your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation.
6.	your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).
7.	your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.
8.	your Contributions do not advocate the violent overthrow of any government or incite, encourage, or threaten physical harm against another.
9.	your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.
10.	your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.
11.	your Contributions do not contain any material that solicits personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner.
12.	your Contributions do not violate any federal or state law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health or well-being of minors;
13.	your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.
14.	your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of these Terms of Service, or any applicable law or regulation.

Any use of the Bot in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Service and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Bot. 
 
CONTRIBUTION LICENSE

By posting your Contributions to any part of the Bot, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to host, use, copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broadcast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Contributions (including, without limitation, your image and voice) for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels. 

This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide. You waive all moral rights in your Contributions, and you warrant that moral rights have not otherwise been asserted in your Contributions. 

We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you to the Bot. 

You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Bot and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.  

We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, (1) to edit, redact, or otherwise change any Contributions; (2) to re-categorize any Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations on the Bot; and (3) to pre-screen or delete any Contributions at any time and for any reason, without notice. We have no obligation to monitor your Contributions. 
   
SUBMISSIONS

You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, or other information regarding the Bot ("Submissions") provided by you to us are non-confidential and shall become our sole property. We shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any lawful purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. 

You hereby waive all moral rights to any such Submissions, and you hereby warrant that any such Submissions are original with you or that you have the right to submit such Submissions. You agree there shall be no recourse against us for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your Submissions. 
 
BOT MANAGEMENT

We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to: 

(1) monitor the Bot for violations of these Terms of Service; 

(2) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates the law or these Terms of Service, including without limitation, reporting such user to law enforcement authorities; 

(3) in our sole discretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict access to, limit the availability of, or disable (to the extent technologically feasible) any of your Contributions or any portion thereof; 

(4) in our sole discretion and without limitation, notice, or liability, to remove from the Bot or otherwise disable all files and content that are excessive in size or are in any way burdensome to our systems; 

(5) otherwise manage the Bot in a manner designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of the Bot.

PRIVACY POLICY

We care about data privacy and security. Please review our Privacy Policy, posted on the Bot. By using the Bot, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Service. Please be advised the Bot is hosted in New Zealand. 

If you access the Bot from the European Union, Asia, USA, or any other region of the world with laws or other requirements governing personal data collection, use, or disclosure that differ from applicable laws in the New Zealand, then through your continued use of the Bot, you are transferring your data to the New Zealand, and you expressly consent to have your data transferred to and processed in the New Zealand. 

Further, we do not knowingly accept, request, or solicit information from children or knowingly market to children. Therefore, in accordance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, if we receive actual knowledge that anyone under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from the Bot as quickly as is reasonably practical.
 
TERM AND TERMINATION

These Terms of Service shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Bot. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, DENY ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE BOT, TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR USE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE BOT OR DELETE [YOUR ACCOUNT AND] ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU POSTED AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT WARNING, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION. 

If we terminate or suspend your access for any reason, you are prohibited from registering a new account under your name, a fake or borrowed name, or the name of any third party, even if you may be acting on behalf of the third party. 

In addition to terminating or suspending your access, we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.

MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS 

We reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the Bot at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Bot. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue all or part of the Bot without notice at any time. 

We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Bot. 

We cannot guarantee the Bot will be available at all times. We may experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to perform maintenance related to the Bot, resulting in interruptions, delays, or errors. 

We reserve the right to change, revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or otherwise modify the Bot at any time or for any reason without notice to you. You agree that we have no liability whatsoever for any loss, damage, or inconvenience caused by your inability to access or use the Bot during any downtime or discontinuance of the Bot. 

Nothing in these Terms of Service will be construed to obligate us to maintain and support the Bot or to supply any corrections, updates, or releases in connection therewith.

GOVERNING LAW 

These terms of use are governed by the laws of New Zealand and the courts of New Zealand shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any dispute arising in relation to these terms and conditions.
 
CORRECTIONS

There may be information on the Bot that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to the Bot, including descriptions, availability, and various other information. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update the information on the Bot at any time, without prior notice.

DISCLAIMER

THE BOT IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE BOT AND OUR SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE BOT AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BOT’S CONTENT AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (1) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS, (2) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE BOT, (3) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (4) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE BOT, (5) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE BOT BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (6) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE BOT.
 
INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless, including our subsidiaries, affiliates, and all of our respective officers, agents, partners, and employees, from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (1) [your Contributions]; (2) use of the Bot; (3) breach of these Terms of Service; (4) any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service; (5) your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; or (6) any overt harmful act toward any other user of the Bot with whom you connected via the Bot. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate, at your expense, with our defense of such claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding which is subject to this indemnification upon becoming aware of it. 
 
USER DATA

We will maintain certain data that you transmit to the Bot for the purpose of managing the Bot, as well as data relating to your use of the Bot. Although we perform regular routine backups of data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that relates to any activity you have undertaken using the Bot. 

You agree that we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data, and you hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such loss or corruption of such data.
 
MISCELLANEOUS

These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Bot constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. 

These Terms of Service operate to the fullest extent permissible by law. We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any time. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, delay, or failure to act caused by any cause beyond our reasonable control. 

If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Service and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. 

There is no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship created between you and us as a result of these Terms of Service or use of the Bot. You agree that these Terms of Service will not be construed against us by virtue of having drafted them. 

You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of these Terms of Service and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Terms of Service.
		

